PINUS Ori comm updates (#6)
indocom/lumina: docs/after/module-registration.mdx

  

Module Registration process is divided into 3 rounds.

-   Round 1  
    This is a protected round.  
    Students will be able to select modules that can be used towards:  
    (i) Programme (Faculty, Major, Specialisation) requirements  
    (ii) Second Major requirements  
    (iii) Direct admission/restricted Minor requirements  
    (iv) Prescribed English requirements (i.e. modules offered by CELC)  
      
    
-   Round 2  
    This is an open round where UG students are able to select all modules (including General Education modules) they wish to read for the semester.  
    Priority for General Education modules will be first accorded to students who have not read a module from a particular pillar (i.e. GEH, GET or GES) before students who are seeking to read a 2nd module from the same pillar.
    

-   Round 3  
    This round is similar to Round 2 except that the balance quotas are merged for all categories of students (GD/UG/NG/CPE) to optimise class enrolment. That is, un-used quota from a particular category of students may be allocated to students from another category
    

> After all your modules have been allocated to you, you will have to choose your tutorial / lab class via ModReg after round 3 is finished. You can refer to the [View My Classes] function to see the modules allocated to you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After all your modules have been allocated to you, you will have to choose your tutorials and/or labs via ModReg after round 3 is finished. You can refer to the [View My Classes] function to see the modules allocated to you.
```
